speaks galera line kisses boy in the area and
that again any mechanical simulator
and how the order in voice and or part of
Let's go and have a show here.
number 18 then also let's give the
rebel and voice number 18 was void between
chaos and closes the game to our patients and
It leaves the light the car is horrible being
night is an I have a news
panel lights there are not hundreds of
volumes of water from the panel
like this
I think I already know more or less what it is.
a look here
ban receives nothing that stop
OK
must it be something that does not
is transmitting correct is not a light
in the panel that is erased beauty beauty
here you can not know there's this guy that
also looks that it is the coach who also
works along with the belts here
Let's get this guy out here.
will be giving to us come here now
the chance is not going to
people this guy does not learn
Let's do a test and we'll see here or
change to get this guy out of here
side and the other to lift our
inventory done something to do with
that alternator and here working with
the belts our galley doctor
shitty never tell you that you found a
there 13% problem in the part the lieutenant
coach traced Adam
Let me go and buy the piece, I did not
or mano put guys have been talking to me
that I was and sometimes here at the table
is preparing to you are prepared
Hello, you closed 206 ticket did not repair a
illness in uncle when the guy will pay
Walloons 51 granger more open here
so we call him never again
guys in the shit
the crazy one there to hold us the other
Let's now put it closed.
now that dorga the order of beauty the ball
Ok beauty, everything's ok then it's over.
to irritate look study 18 is done
Then one more mission, thanks guys.
That's it, I want to thank everyone there
are subscribed to the channel
thank you very much - for following the
people are you thinking of stealing and
you new Rio as if
inscribe you make this great
family
people do not leave this video without first
leave that there and that favorite
helped a lot and in those who did not
always stay in peace
hug go to the next went